Create rule S6315: The return value of "async" should be used (#181)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6315/kotlin/rule.adoc

> The Kotlin coroutines API provides `async` and `launch` as a way to launch asynchronous work. The difference being that `async` provides an `await()` function, which blocks until the asynchronous task is complete and returns the result of the execution. `launch` is not designed to return a result, i.e. follows the idea of "fire and forget".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Kotlin coroutines API provides functions `async` and `launch` as a way to launch asynchronous work. The key difference between them is the return type. `launch` starts a new coroutine without blocking the current thread and returns a reference to the coroutine as a Job. This function is not designed to return a result, i.e. follows the idea of "fire and forget". `async` creates a coroutine and returns its future result as an implementation of `Deferred`. `Deferred` (aka Future, Promise, etc) has an `await()` function, which suspends the caller coroutine until the asynchronous task is complete and returns the result of the execution.
```

> Accordingly, whenever `async` is used, the result of the execution is expected to be used at some point. If `async` is used in a "fire and forget" manner, `launch` is the more appropriate interface to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Accordingly, whenever `async` is used, the result of the execution is expected to be used at some point. If `async` is used in a "fire and forget" manner, `launch` is the more appropriate function to use.
```

For instance, the Kotlin coroutines API provides both the functions `async` and `launch` as ways to launch asynchronous work. The key difference here is their return type. `launch` starts a new coroutine without blocking the current thread and returns a reference to the coroutine as a Job. This function is not designed to return a result, i.e. follows the idea of "fire and forget". `async` creates a coroutine and returns its future result as an implementation of `Deferred`.

Ask yourself whether:
- You really need whatever result is calculated by the asynchronous operation. If not, you may be better off using a function that does not return `Deferred`.
- You should be using the `Deferred` return value and fetching some data from it later on, for instance by calling `await()` on it.

This rule raises an issue when a function returning the type `kotlinx.coroutines.Deferred` is used without the result of the operation being retrieved.

> == Noncompliant Code Example

Reviewer 2: In the Description part you are talking a lot about `Deferred` but finally in the examples, there is no mention of this keyword. I think it would help to understand the problem by showing a function that return `kotlinx.coroutines.Deferred`

----
suspend fun doSomething() {
    coroutineScope {
        async {
            // Do some work
            "result"
        }

>     }

Reviewer 2: The // Noncompliant comment is missing, so it is not clear to me what's wrong with this code
